listen so there's been a netflix
recommendation that i've been getting so
much
uh and that's for this movie called
miracle and so number seven it's
supposed to be so
sad it's like a challenge not to cry by
the end of it it's based on a true story
that's been adapted several times the
original 2013 south korean film
ended up being one of the highest
grossing movies in its country so much
so that there was an indian remake from
2017 they got sued for copyright
claiming that they never asked
permission to remake it and the director
for that was like nah we were inspired
by other movies
including this one it's a shot for shot
there was also a legal one from the
philippines another one in the works
from indonesia
and honestly it's just a matter of time
before america gets it you know
and turns it into a franchise let me
explain
so the main one i'm going to break down
is the turkish version that's on netflix
and super popular with
a couple of callbacks to the original
south korean one since there are some
changes so
make sure you go watch it and see if you
can make it through dry get back in
there
the movie begins in the present with a
news report talking about 1984 being the
last year the death penalty was executed
and then we realized that the movie
takes place in 83 we follow memo a
shepherd who lives with his daughter ova
and nana his grandma they had a little
calling card with lingo lingo which
actually comes from a popular song
and they're happy just selling candy
apples on the street yet they're always
being ridiculed in the town
yeah that's 100 on the parents as we
shall see
in each version the dad's always trying
to get her a backpack you know be it the
sailor moon one
or the heidi one but that ain't the
miracle that happens
one thing i did notice throughout some
of these adaptations is how some
countries play down the mental
disability which
is interesting
to me that's one of the biggest elements
of the story because you know it's
insane to think that now
today there are countries that are
vehemently against abortions
unless they detect a disability you know
they'd consider them not worthy and the
procedure is suddenly okay so you know
just imagine being back in the 80s the
chief's daughter ends up getting the
only heidi backpack and dude's already
looking down on memo as being inferior
to him
so later on when his girl's taunting
memo up a hill with the backpack
and slips you know he's using him as a
scapegoat
same thing goes for the 2013 one instead
of sympathy in their interactions it's
always aggression
and they accuse him of much much more
when he's found trying to give her cpr
now look i'm not saying that the
perspective of the parents who just lost
their daughter should be ignored of
course not but um
they do have predispositions as we shall
see after coercing memo and beating him
up while interrogating him
beating him up while they're
transferring him and beating him up when
he gets there they stuff him into cell
number seven which at this point has no
miracles just
sweaty old men
in the group we have the head honcho who
they all refer to as skipper who's able
to get them whatever they want snuck in
from the outside
but on the inside he's having problems
back home
is the religious leader of the group
helping them find redemption kind of
like red from shawshank
yousef is the opposite of defresney
always seeing this crack on the wall as
the tree
where he gave up his loved ones and
drowns him in guilt that he barely even
moves from this one spot throughout the
movie
inside there's also thieves murderers
this guy who kidnapped a woman when she
wouldn't marry him
this guy who stabbed someone every
winter so he has a warm place to stay
so really quickly they realize memo
doesn't belong here they see memo
helping birds take flight
they hear him cry out to his daughter in
the courtyard and it's once he
saves skipper from a rival gang member
that they realize
yeah this guy wouldn't even hurt a bug
they sentence him to death and
completely strip him of
everything you know they rip his letters
to his daughter when he sends him out
they don't want his family to see him
so the cell gathers together to make the
title of the movie come true
and so they zach and cody you're in
[Music]
oh they almost had me and they're not
not passes from a heart attack
didn't bend him
y'all really got rid of the best
character i will say there is a
beautiful through line in the movie
dealing
with mothers
pick it up
nana and even the teacher bring up the
love ova's received and how
other kids don't get the same attention
you know they just get stuff because
their parents are too busy
nana before her death even opens up
tovah seeing her resilience and what
she's gone through
and opens up about the truth of the
world including breaking the facade of
the seasonal birds going up to heaven
because she knows all was about to face
realities that no little girl should
meanwhile in america parents get mad if
you ruin santa or the tooth fairy that
said
there's hope there just so happens to be
a runaway soldier who memo noticed often
the abandoned ruins
right when the incident happened ova
finds him but i mean there's a reason
why the guy dipped if we've seen what
the authorities have done
so far by abusing their power imagine
what that guy who's worked for them has
seen and so it's the warden's turn to
find justice
in the original the teacher and the
warden were kind of like combined since
they also are the ones who adopt ova
when she's orphaned but he's the one
character with authority who has to make
the decision to either seek justice
or follow through with the commands he's
given
and while he is in the position of power
to help and bring in the one witness
needed
he realizes the powers that be stretched
farther than this one case
in the 2013 one there's not really a
witness the commissioner just beats the
hell out of the father and coerces a
confession
going as far as threatening to kill his
daughter if he did it
considering this man is a martial law
commander
it reminds me of toby jones character in
first cow which you should see first
kyle who sees punishments as a way to
maximize your authority over people
when one factors the loss of labor from
the punished hand
versus the gain of labor from those
hands who witness
the punishment a stricter punishment
can be the more advisable path
when it comes to the ending each three
vary a little bit in the real incident
the man was charged in 72 and coerced to
confess
because it was a police officer's
daughter and while he wasn't sentenced
to death
he was locked up and it took him until
2008 to get exonerated
in the 2013 adaptation cell number seven
tries to devise a plan
to help him pretty much they build a hot
air balloon for this man in order to
help him escape
only for it to get entangled and the
execution goes through but like the
flash forward intros that both have
we see the daughter grown up and in the
2013 version she's seeking justice
because she's become a lawyer who
reopens her father's case in order to
reverse the verdict
and finally be able to find solace after
all those years
the turkish version however comes with a
twist
instead of memo being executed they
devised a plan to delay the commissioner
help memo escape with his daughter by
boat as yusuf
takes his spot leaving behind his most
treasured possession
in order to amend for his past sins
now i know a lot of people probably
skipped this movie because of the subs
and
you know i get it may have been too
blurry to read them at certain points
but here are my suggestions for the
american remake right
one it's got to take place around the
same time period too not the present
in terms of casting i'm throwing in carl
urban to play skipper who ends up making
amends with his own family by the end
i think ova should be a newcomer
completely but in terms of memo
i think enough people have won oscars
for playing people with a disability and
it would be dope to see someone like
zach from peanut butter falcon to play
memo you know there's a bunch of other
people who could do it as well you could
do a casting call
but you know my man already knows how to
escape in a jiffy
other than that the one thing they
better do justice to
is the character of nana
pitch before
thank you guys for checking out this
video i'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section
uh it is interesting to note that the
original working title was december 23rd
in case that ends up being like
one of the titles for another remake
that's on the horizon but um
it's also messed up because that's not
only the day he gets sentenced uh
but it's also the little girl's birthday
so there's a whole other level of
nastiness there
but i'm curious to know your thoughts uh
in terms of the american remake
when i feel it it is gonna happen
there's two things one
obviously it deals with the death
penalty which everyone has
various opinions on and we do live in a
really weird country
a really weird country but there's also
the aspect of casting that america is
going through right now
because of all the prejudices that they
have and i think it's just going to be
interesting
because while i do like a lot of the
actors who have played yeah i love my
left foot but
there's a certain point where i always
do wonder how directors are directing
actors with their mannerisms or ticks
when they're playing like a mentor
physical disability like are you just
telling him to be
act more mentally disabled like i've
always felt like they play it like a
costume so
you know i think we are in a world where
you could easily cast a bunch of other
actors who do have
the disability that they would be able
to portray and portray it much better
but
i'm curious to see how that ends up
going out um but i'm curious to know
your thoughts on this one if you've seen
any of the other versions
let me know your thoughts on those the
differences uh and other than that don't
forget to comment like and subscribe
and i'll send you a heidi backpack